// black screen
Ten years, this has been our life. And even more, since we've seen our last winter. It's been ten years since Armageddon and even more since the dawn of the never ending summer.
I was still too small back then to really know what was going on. And to be honest, I'm not even sure if I remember how things actually were before this.
Most of the knowledge I have about the start of summer is thanks to our teachers. They are gone now, but they gave us a foot to stand on. Now we're just slowly trying to put the pieces we've lost back together.

// art of four seasons
Before all of this, the years had four seasons keeping the world in balance. But then one year, summer just... kept going...
At first it was no reason for concern. People even enjoyed the extra daylight hours. But eventually the heat took its toll.

// before art
I grew up going to school during the never ending summer. We just tried to continue life to the best degree we could. At some point the infrastructure couldn't cope anymore with the heat. Powerplants stopped functioning, gasoline became too dangerous to use, rubber melted, asphalt and concrete turned from a convenience into a hazard.
Despite all of this, we kept on living life to the best of our ability. A simpler form of life than our parents must've been used to.

// art of Armageddon
Then one school day... Our history teacher had a dark vision. A premonition of what he called "Armageddon". What he exactly saw, he never told us, but it shook him enough to create all that we have now.

// art of escape to the sewers
Many other teachers did not believe him, but the ones who did took their students into the sewers with him to seek shelter for when Armageddon came.
And then, Armageddon did come.
A blazing heatwave beyond what we could ever imagine despite us growing up knowing only summer. There is no way to know for certain, but that day everyone in the country died except those who took shelter.

// art of the world
Our teachers enlightened us that there were certain to be other survivors like us. And if there was a hemisphere with an eternal summer, there should be a hemisphere with an eternal winter, and a latitude within which humanity could still be thriving.
Eventually some of the teachers and older kids even set forth to explore these possibilities, but we have yet to hear anything back.
Many nights we've theorized about the state of the world, and our teacher always made great effort to preserve our history, heritage, tradition, and knowledge. After all, for as far as we knew, we were all that was left of society; a bunch of kids and school teachers.
In preserving the memories of humanity, our teacher failed his own memory. None of us can remember the names of our teachers. Many can't even remember our parents.
To figure out how to survive in this hostile world, all the adults, and most of the older kids have sacrificed themselves. The lives we now live is built upon their trial and error.

// art of the kids
When Armageddon first came ten years ago, we had 20 students and 3 teachers. Now there's only 11-... 10 of us left... The eldest is 20. The youngest is 5, being left behind by one of the older kids who died a long time ago.

// art of the sewers
We go out at night for supplies, but most of our lives are spent in the sewers. We used to be able to venture out pretty far underground when we were getting set up, but our resources have been far less luxurious since many tunnels have collapsed.

// art of the map
Nature seems to have adapted to the new climate, so we have enough out there to hunt and harvest, but it's not without its perils... So far our world has expended to the size of a town. Venture out beyond its border, and the sun shall find a way to stop you.
Sometimes, the price of survival is the life of a friend...